https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-15420 (#7277)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/observability_enable.adoc

- You must define a storage class in the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource, if there is no default storage class specified.
- Direct network access to the hub cluster is required. Network access to load balancers and proxies are not supported. For more information, see link:../networking/networking_intro.adoc#networking[Networking].
- You must configure an object store to create a storage solution. 

> **  *Important:* When you configure your object store, ensure that you meet the encryption requirements that are necessary when sensitive data is persisted. The Observability service uses Thanos supported, stable object stores. You might not be able to share an object store bucket by multiple {acm-short} Observability installations. Therefore, for each installation, provide a separate object store bucket. 

Author: Removing extra space
```suggestion
** *Important:* When you configure your object store, ensure that you meet the encryption requirements that are necessary when sensitive data is persisted. The Observability service uses Thanos supported, stable object stores. You might not be able to share an object store bucket by multiple {acm-short} Observability installations. Therefore, for each installation, provide a separate object store bucket. 
```

The Thanos version is displayed.

[#disabling-observability]
== Disabling Observability

You can disable Observability, which stops data collection on the {acm-short} hub cluster.

[#disabling-observability-on-all-clusters]
=== Disabling Observability on all clusters

Disable Observability by removing Observability components on all managed clusters.

Update the `multicluster-observability-operator` resource by setting `enableMetrics` to `false`. Your updated resource might resemble the following change:

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  imagePullPolicy: Always
  imagePullSecret: multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret
  observabilityAddonSpec: <1>
    enableMetrics: false <2>
  workers: <3> 
----
<1> Use the `observabilityAddonSpec` parameter to define the global settings for all managed clusters that have the Observability add-on enabled.
<2> Use the `enableMetrics` parameter to indicate that the Observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server.

> <3> Use the `workers` parameter to list worker nodes into the metric collector process to shard federate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster. Then the metric collector sends sperate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  

Author: @saswatamcode when you have a chance, will you review this part of the PR please?

Reviewer: Hi @dockerymick! We are dealing with an issue at the moment regarding this exact feature, which is why I'm holding off on commenting.

But I think we can change it a bit in 2.12.2. For now I would recommend the following,
```suggestion
  observabilityAddonSpec: <1>
    enableMetrics: false <2>
  workers: <3> 
----
<1> Use the `observabilityAddonSpec` parameter to define the global settings for all managed clusters that have the Observability add-on enabled.
<2> Use the `enableMetrics` parameter to indicate that the Observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server.
<3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. These workers will shard federate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster, amongst themselves, and send seperate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```

> <3> Use the `workers` parameter to list worker nodes into the metric collector process to shard federate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster. Then the metric collector sends sperate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  

Author: @saswatamcode thanks for your suggestion, here is a similar suggestion based on the IBM Style Guide (Anthropomorphism, and [maintaining present/active tone](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs).
```suggestion
<3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard federate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```

> <3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard federate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be "share separate?"
```suggestion
<3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers share separate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```

Reviewer: Nope it is shard federate :)

Reviewer: Maybe /federate to notify it is an endpoint

Reviewer: @dockerymick we need to also remove the "on the hub cluster" after Prometheus
```suggestion
<3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard /federate requests made to Prometheus on spoke clusters, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```

Author: If it is an endpoint, i suggest that it be monospaced. We also do not use "spoke cluster" in the doc. It is managed cluster. 
```suggestion
<3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard `/federate` endpoint requests made to Prometheus on your managed cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```

> <3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard `/federate` endpoint requests made to Prometheus on your managed cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  

Reviewer 3: As far as I understand this feature is in "Tech Preview". Do we want to make a note of this? cc: @saswatamcode

Reviewer 2: Tech preview does need to be noted in the docs. @dockerymick

Author: Thanks for the reminder! @oafischer @jacobbaungard I just made updates related to the reminder

> <3> Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard `/federate` endpoint requests made to Prometheus on your managed cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  

Author: ```suggestion
<3> *Technology Preview*: Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard `/federate` endpoint requests made to Prometheus on your managed cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```

> <3> *Technology Preview*: Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard `/federate` endpoint requests made to Prometheus on your managed cluster, to the internal workers, and sends separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  

Reviewer: Ok as of 2.12.2 this will change a bit, I merged the changes just today.
But for now, final suggestions,
```suggestion
<3> *Technology Preview*: Use the `workers` parameter to increase the number of internal workers in the metric collector process. The internal workers shard `/federate` endpoint requests made to Prometheus on your managed cluster and send separate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```

spec:
  imagePullPolicy: Always
  imagePullSecret: multiclusterhub-operator-pull-secret
  observabilityAddonSpec: <1>
    enableMetrics: false <2>
  workers: <3> 
----

> <1> Define the global settings for all managed clusters that have the observability add-on enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Use the `observabilityAddonSpec` parameter to define the global settings for all managed clusters that have the observability add-on enabled.
```

> <1> Use the `observabilityAddonSpec` parameter to define the global settings for all managed clusters that have the observability add-on enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Use the `observabilityAddonSpec` parameter to define the global settings for all managed clusters that have the Observability add-on enabled.
```

> <2> Used to indicate if the observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server.

Reviewer 2: If I remember correctly we aren't supposed to use callouts for additional information, they are only for variable replacements.

Author: @oafischer The additional information here is used to explain why the parameters are used. Since last release, I have used callouts as a solution to remove hashtags out of YAMLs.

Reviewer 2: I'm OK with the suggestions you provide further down but we might need to bring this up in a meeting since I've been tasked with removing callouts that aren't about replacing variables in the past. Thanks for finding a compromise in the meantime. I'll approve after merging the suggestions.

Author: @oafischer ok cool, we can discuss in the team channel before I merge.

Reviewer 4: This is I think not something we need to stress over, as I see teams use these callouts for a number of things now that I look at it. I don't agree with overusage, or even some of the writing here--or using two at one time for the same line, but see that they are used here by the telco/ocp writer:

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/edge_computing/ztp-preparing-the-hub-cluster#ztp-preparing-the-ztp-git-repository_ztp-preparing-the-hub-cluster

Reviewer 4: Maybe when we first started using them, because we didn't before, we had guidance to only use them for variables but I lean towards using them to replace any #comments-that-clutter-the-code.

Reviewer 4: See here where the same product doc isn't clean and the code is cluttered with comments:

https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.17/html/networking/networking-operators#viewing-stats-collected-kubernetes-nmtate-op_k8s-nmstate-operator

Reviewer 4: But I will say that since you have punctuation, these need to be full sentences. 

Used to indicate if the observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server. (not complete)

Also, we agreed that unless in code, Observability is proper. You can do either way here. :-)

Author: @swopebe thanks for your comments and examples. I have updated the file with complete sentence and capitalized "observability" where needed. Awaiting review from @saswatamcode

> <2> Used to indicate if the observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server.

Author: ```suggestion
<2> Use the `enableMetrics` parameter to indicate that the observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server.
```

> <2> Use the `enableMetrics` parameter to indicate that the observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server.

Author: ```suggestion
<2> Use the `enableMetrics` parameter to indicate that the Observability add-on is enabled to push metrics to hub cluster server.
```

> <3> Used to list worker nodes into the metric collector process to shard federate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster. Then the metric collector sends sperate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  

Author: ```suggestion
<3> Use the `workers` parameter to list worker nodes into the metric collector process to shard federate requests made to Prometheus on your hub cluster. Then the metric collector sends sperate remote-write requests to Thanos on your hub cluster.  
```
